document the anti-csrf token storage (#151)
blitz-js/blitzjs.com: docs/auth.mdx

#### Session Creation

- At login, the server creates two opaque tokens:
  - An access token.
  - An anti-csrf token.
- Both are a 32 character long `string`.

> - The two tokens are then sent to the frontend via `httpOnly`, `secure` cookies. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The access token is sent to the frontend via an `httpOnly`, `secure` cookie.
- The anti-csrf token is sent to the frontend via a normal, `secure` cookie that can be read from Javascript.
```
